Moving adapter behavior changes (#6151)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/adapter-behavior-changes.md

---
title: "About adapter-specific behavior changes"
id: "adapter-behavior-changes"
sidebar_label: "Adapter behavior changes"
description: "Adapter-specific behavior changes"
hide_table_of_contents: true
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---

> The adapter-specific behavior changes references section contains materials for dbt Cloud and dbt Core adapters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The adapter-specific behavior changes eferences section contains reference materials for adapters for dbt Cloud and dbt Core.

Author: ```suggestion
The adapter-specific behavior changes references section contains materials for dbt Cloud and dbt Core adapters.
```

> Some adapters may show behavior changes when certain flags are enabled. Refer to the following sections for each respective adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some adapters can display behavior changes when certain flags are enabled. The following sections contain details about these adapter-specific behavior changes. 
```
